[temp.class.spec.match] Strengthen wording for matching partial specializations (#3922)
cplusplus/draft: source/templates.tex

\end{itemize}

\pnum
A class template partial specialization \defnx{matches}{specialization!matches}
the template argument list of a class template specialization \tcode{A} if, given the type \tcode{P}
formed by the \grammarterm{simple-template-id} of the partial specialization,

> template argument deduction\iref{temp.deduct.type} for \tcode{P} from \tcode{A} would succeed
> and the deduced template arguments would satisfy the associated constraints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template argument deduction\iref{temp.deduct.type} for \tcode{P} from \tcode{A} succeeds
and the deduced template arguments satisfy the associated constraints
```
No need for the hypothetical here.
